Initial back end (#2)
DavideBran/KeepItSimple: README.md

# KeepItSimple

## Requirements 
 - Docker compose 

## Back End 

>  - Back end is built in Python using FastAPI. You can find all the dependicies inside [/backend/requirements.txt](https://github.com/DavideBran/KeepItSimple/blob/initial-back-end/backend/requirements.txt)

Author: ```suggestion
 - Back End is built in Python using [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/). You can find all the dependencies inside [/backend/requirements.txt](https://github.com/DavideBran/KeepItSimple/blob/initial-back-end/backend/requirements.txt)
```
